hey guys welcome back to cooking company
and it's not that time yet I'm gonna
show you something different we actually
have a new event right over here you can
see some of your favorite legendary
poking man's let me click that for you
so what we're gonna get is some cool
pokud dolls for your Pokemon Jean world
and as you guys should if you've been
playing pokemon dream world you would
have noticed like every week or so you
get some new um polka dolls we have a
bunch of them out now and these you can
only get uh if you activate it if you
unlock them this one's actually a prize
pack of 3 so you're gonna get all three
of these right now so let's see how you
get on we're going to go to the main
website Pokemon calm and you're going to
want to log in first of course and then
go up here to the corner where you see
your profile information and right in
the center you're going to see a little
symbol that looks like a piece of mail
go ahead and click that those are your
messages from Pokemon and write down top
should be this one a password for pool
Pokemon dolls and the message is a
password whoo a pocket for cool pokemon
dolls so this is what you're going to
use to unlock it so it's pretty short
and see now we're going to go back to
the mine Global Link and you're
going to hit here and promotions the big
yellow one promotions and again it
should be right at the top of the list
it is get cool pokemon dolls and it's
open from now until October so you
better get these and cool wick cuz it
ends time
2012 still showing us the same picture
the little Pokemon dolls you're getting
here I'm giving the black line Qureshi
oh it's whoops Zekrom kelly and russian
grammar shall be also tiny next to them
and hopefully right now the ones gotten
their um their Keldeo for the pokemon
games from gamestop so if you haven't
done that hurry up and do it
once-in-a-lifetime opportunities is it
okay to add the restaurant echo and kill
dil dolls to the Pokemon dream world
enter the password none i don't remember
what it was or is it hey GTD it's like
that GTD and y h and lightweight ok so i
typed it in already and get a hit submit
whoops forgot about caps lock DTV 10 18
coups great now I'm forgetting and YH
and white ok you know caps and it worked
this time
you're going to hear the music from the
Aqua from the shining sea land and
there's a big the same present animation
where you see with the starter pokemon
on show at epic and Snivy would you like
to receive it in your game click OK you
see the restrooms a common cowbell dolls
for your Pokemon gmote home yeah so now
what you're gonna do is go tuck in a
Pokemon on your DS make them go to sleep
and enter the dream world all right guys
here i am in my pokemon Jim world home
and I'm gonna take out the dream catalog
right over here all right and of course
it's gonna be the purple one in the
middle polka doll Pokemon dull catalog
and I'm going to skip right down to the
end says pokedex number 60 1 and that is
the last page of the book and it has the
Neill legendary plushies but see press
the guy on first your RAM and it's free
so you don't even have to waste any
berries to get it next is Zekrom bari
and glass not but not least keldeo three
so I'm gonna go ahead and find a place
for these guys
we should I put him wait first I will
reading all of them died do it one at a
time
all right now let's redecorate look at
them all standing one on top of each
other I shall we put Russia and the
table next to snowman Pikachu
it sit on the couch Cal down
it's going to protect my treasure all
right so they have it there's a kill
Dale standing on top of my treasure
chest tray they're going to next drill
you can see I haven't read uh creating a
while and there's rush around picking up
behind cup tues big head sitting on the
table and last but not least the duck on
children on my couch here you know me
the guys